{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
	<html>\
<head> HOW TO PLAY BASKETBALL <head>\
\
<body>\
	<h1>What is basketball <h1>\
	<p> Basketball is \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 a sport where the objective is to throw a ball into a basket to score points, while stopping players on the other team from scoring.\'a0<p>\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 <p>When a player gets the ball, they have 3 options, shoot the ball, dribble, or pass. If you walk with the ball, you will get called for a travel and turn the ball over to the other team.<p>
\f1 \strokec2 \

\f0 \strokec2 <h2>Scoring<h2>\
<p>If a player makes a basket inside the 3-point line, they score 2 points, and if they score from outside the 3-point line, they get 3 points.<p>\
<p>\'a0When attempting to score, players from the other team will try to contest or block your shot, but only when the shot goes up. If they block when the shot is coming down, it is called a \'93Goaltend\'94 and they count the basket no matter what.<p>\
<p>\'a0If the defender makes contact with the person trying to score, it is a shooting foul, and the shooter will take a free throw worth one point for every point the shot was worth. If they make the basket, they take one free-throw and the play is called an and-1. <p>\
<h3>Dribbling<h3>\
<p>Dribbling is using one hand to repeatedly bounce the ball off the floor while you move. When you dribble, defenders will try to stay in front of you to stop you from scoring, and they may even try to steal the ball from you. However, if a defender makes contact with the person dribbling the ball, they are called for a reach-in foul.<p>\
<h4>Foul Limits<h4>\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <p>If a player gets 5-6 fouls or 2 technical or flagrant fouls, they are not allowed to play for the remainder of the game. A flagrant foul is a serious foul that is viewed as excessive, unnecessary, and has potential to harm the other player.<p>\
	<h5>Violations<h5>\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <p>Basketball has a few violations that aren\'92t counted as fouls. Committing one of these will either result in a turnover or a reset shot clock for the other team. These include traveling, double dribble, goaltending, and kick-ball. Traveling is taking more than 2-3 steps after picking up the ball, double dribbling is dribbling, picking up the ball, then dribbling again, goaltending is blocking a shot when the ball is on its way down, and kick-ball is simply kicking the ball.<p>\
<h6>Time<h6>
\f1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 	<p>Basketball is divided into 4, 12 minute quarters. Players have 8-10 seconds to cross half court after an inbounds pass, and 24-30 seconds to score the ball. <p>\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \strokec2 \
}